People normally do know about Artificial Intelligence (AI). But “AI” is just a term which has a huge area of computer science that emphasizes the creation of intelligent. Therefore, in another way, AI is like the surface of a floating iceberg. What everybody mostly doesn’t know is machine learning - the thing beneath the surface. Machine learning is a core part of AI. The explicitness in machine learning is the learning without any kind of supervision requires an ability to identify patterns in streams of inputs, whereas learning with adequate supervision needs to involve classification and numerical regressions. So what is machine learning? And what is its task as being a core part of AI? Basically, Machine learning (ML) is the scientific study of algorithms and statistical models that computer systems use to perform a specific task without using explicit instructions, relying on patterns and inference instead. It is seen as a subset of artificial intelligence. Moreover, machine learning is closely related to computational statistics, which focuses on making predictions using computers. Especially, algorithms of the machine learning have been built on a mathematical model, which based on sample data or known as "training data", in order to make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to perform the task. Machine learning tasks also are classified into several broad categories of the income data, and from those results can give out prediction outcomes. The application of machine learning is clearly to the insights. Its algorithms are used in a wide variety of applications, such as email-spam filtering and computer vision. Many other fields also use machine learning’s applications. Data mining, statistics are examples. In some images recognition programs or likewise, nowadays, the method of machine learning is crucial. If the programs were determining whether an image contained a certain object, they had to use the “training data” to include the input object and labeled them as an output to finalize the result in a small amount of time. In the future, machine learning may have an advanced version. That will be a pre-processing step before performing classification or predictions, probably, so there will be no need to reconstructions of the inputs coming from unknown distributions. However, real-world data such as images, video, and sensory data has not yielded to attempts to algorithmically define specific features. Therefore, an expected version in the future will discover such features or representations through examination, without relying on explicit algorithms.
In the past human work was preferred over a machine's work because a human was more accurate than a machine. It’s because a human could look at all angles and make an informed decision, and a machine could not. Nevertheless, entering into an era in which the machine can learn by itself, they can surpass humans in many fields. Machine learning offers faster more efficient customer service. It can also recommend the quantity, price, shelf placement, fraud detecting and marketing channel that would reach the right customer in a particular area when you go shopping. Undoubtedly, the digital marketing profession is undergoing a tremendous shift because machine learning is altering the dynamic between advertisers and customers in countless ways. According to a study by Gartner found that 30% of companies will use AI in their sales by the end of next year. Business industries are affected by the machine learning’s impacts as well. It all has the same impact as the customers’ service or any other fields in common. It is expected to give improvements in efficiency and advancements outcomes. The machine learning application will be offering features such as effective solutions, personalization improvement, less time-consuming,... and so on. This may replace most of those technologies that we are using. A 2013 Oxford University study shared how 47% of U.S. jobs will be deemed “highly automatable”. As a result, there will probably be some job losses, but no one really knows how many or when.
Spinning around the new technologies and absorbing myself in the world that has quickly evolution of it, my daily life will be definitely changed. Although the newborn of various technologies has destroyed, they have created more than they’ve had. In the future, if I didn’t have any friends, I could have automated games like Alpha GO-an automated chess, to play with me. Moreover, my physical health would be improved thanks to this technology. It can be used to diagnose diseases in my body and what advices or cures I could receive. It makes things easier than ever, right? One more thing to talk is my house could have high security and convenience of automation just with some adjustments through apps. Isn’t that super great?
